# My Personal Project

## Solar Project Simulator


What will the application do?
Who will use it?
Why is this project of interest to you?

I have decided to create a solar power simulator, in which the users can add 


- Number of solar panels
- latitude, longitude, height above sea level
- solar panel specifications, maximum power output, efficiency
- time of the year, ambient temperature, specify if there is any shading
- battery capacity
- simulation duration
- Desired system outcomes: Priorities such as maximizing energy production, minimizing costs, achieving energy 
independence etc
- total power consumption in the house, and subtract the energy generated by solar panels with it.

This simulating software will then return the total energy generated by the solar panels, keeping in mind the
specifications. On another tab, I would implement everything related to finances, this would include the total cost of
purchasing the solar panels, and how it will benefit them by subtracting the total power consumption in the house with
the energy generated by the solar panels, to understand the potential savings.

The ui design would consist of graphs, buttons to start, stop, the simulation, captivating background to ensure a user
friendly experience.


This will benefit those people who are planning to install the solar panels, but want to optimize the cost, by comparing
the solar panels for different specifications. 

Does it meet the X and Y restriction? if so how?
Yes, it meets the X and Y restriction. Suppose less say I am a businessman and I am planning on installing solar panels
in different buildings or factories or it could be anything that I own in different locations. So, in order to do that
i would wanna install solar panels with different specifications and other properties. Therefore,
I would add arbitary number of unique solar panels to my Y class.

  
# User Stories

- User will be able to add their solar panel to a list of solar panels, and specify its properties. 
- User will be able to see a list of solar panels 
- User will be able to remove a solar panel from a list of Solar panel
- User will be able to see the overal profit and the total cost, to calculate the profit in a graph format
- User will be able to see the statistics on which solar panel is the best
- User will be able to save the file if they wish
- User will be able to load the software if they choose

#Instructions for the Grader
- You can generate the first required action related to the user story "adding multiple Xs to a Y" by clicking on the add solar panel button after having added all the solar panel attributes
- You can generate the second required action related to the user story "adding multiple Xs to a Y" by clicking on the edit tab and editing the required attribute
- You can locate my visual component by clicking on show simulation button
- You can save the state of my application by clicking on the save solar panel button
- You can reload the state of my application by selecting the load button in the beginning 

Phase 4: Task 3
If I had more time to work on my project, I would try adding singleton pattern learned in class, and ensure to create different classes for buttons, panels, such that it becomes easier for me to locate the buttons and panels.
I would also ensure that each class has no more than responsibility (cohesion).
I would also try adding a few different classes like battery reduction, that would reduce the battery of the solar panel over the years and alert user that it's time to change the battery. 